# # TransactionZaplacenoPlusInitDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchantId** | **string** | Unique merchant identifier from merchant registration process |
**merchantTransactionId** | **string** | Unique transaction identifier generated by merchant |
**paymentMethod** | **string** | Payment method - fill in if the user chooses a payment method on the e-shop. If not used, the client will be redirected to Zaplaceno.cz front-end to choose the payment method. | [optional]
**paymentProvider** | **string** | Provider code - fill in if the user chooses a payment provider on the e-shop. Supported payment provider codes can be obtained from [/status/paymentProviders](#tag/status) endpoint. | [optional]
**language** | **string** | Language of payment gateway. Currently only CZ is supported | [optional]
**totalPrice** | **float** | Transaction amount |
**currency** | **string** | Payment order currency code according to ISO 4217 - if not set, CZK is used | [optional]
**description** | **string** | Payment description - message for the payee. Zaplaceno.cz adds the following text to the beginning of the description: &#39;Zaplaceno.cz - platba pro &lt;MERCHANT_NAME&gt; obj.č. &lt;ORDER_NUMBER&gt; &lt;DESCRIPTION&gt;&#39;. Maximum lenght of description is 140 characters in total, longer text will be cut. | [optional]
**variableSymbol** | **string** | Order number. Some banks may trim &#39;0&#39;s at the beginning. |
**callbackUrl** | **string** | URL that is called after process of payment is done. It is the place where the client should land after the payment. | [optional]
**constantSymbol** | **string** | Constant symbol. Some banks may trim &#39;0&#39;s at the beginning. | [optional]
**specificSymbol** | **string** | Specific symbol. Some banks may trim &#39;0&#39;s at the beginning. | [optional]
**creditorAccountIban** | **string** | Creditor&#39;s account number in IBAN format  * E-shop - The value sent by e-shops is validated according to the creditors&#39; whitelist that is set in an administration app by the bank. Only whitelisted IBANs will be accepted. The parameter is optional. * Zaplaceno Plus - The value is not validated according to any whitelist. The parameter is mandatory. |
**shoppingCartUrl** | **string** | Merchant&#39;s shopping cart URL. Zaplaceno.cz calls this URL in case the end-user navigates to &#39;Back to e-shop / Zpět na e-shop&#39; while selecting payment method od payment provider on Zaplaceno.cz front-end. | [optional]
**initiatorName** | **string** | Name of the initiator of the payment. The initiator is a party using your services. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
