# # ClaimsUserinfo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **string** | End-User&#39;s full name in displayable form including all name parts, possibly including titles and suffixes, ordered according to the End-User&#39;s locale and preferences. | [optional]
**givenName** | **string** | Given name(s) or first name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple given names; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. | [optional]
**familyName** | **string** | Surname(s) or last name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple family names or no family name; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. | [optional]
**middleName** | **string** | Middle name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple middle names; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. Also note that in some cultures, middle names are not used. | [optional]
**nickname** | **string** | Casual name of the End-User that may or may not be the same as the given_name. For instance, a nickname value of Mike might be returned alongside a given_name value of Michael. | [optional]
**preferredUsername** | **string** | Shorthand name by which the End-User wishes to be referred to at the RP, such as janedoe or j.doe. This value MAY be any valid JSON string including special characters such as @, /, or whitespace. The API consumer MUST NOT rely upon this value being unique. | [optional]
**email** | **string** | End-User&#39;s preferred e-mail address. Its value MUST conform to the RFC 5322 [RFC5322] addr-spec syntax. The API consumer MUST NOT rely upon this value being unique. | [optional]
**emailVerified** | **bool** | True if the End-User&#39;s e-mail address has been verified; otherwise false. When this Claim Value is true, this means that the OP took affirmative steps to ensure that this e-mail address was controlled by the End-User at the time the verification was performed. The means by which an e-mail address is verified is context-specific, and dependent upon the trust framework or contractual agreements within which the parties are operating. | [optional]
**gender** | [**\Finbricks\Api\BankId\Model\Gender**](Gender.md) |  | [optional]
**birthdate** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | End-User&#39;s birthday, represented as an ISO 8601:2004 [ISO8601-2004] YYYY-MM-DD format. The year MAY be 0000, indicating that it is omitted. To represent only the year, YYYY format is allowed. Note that depending on the underlying platform&#39;s date related function, providing just year can result in varying month and day, so the implementers need to take this factor into account to correctly process the dates. | [optional]
**zoneinfo** | **string** | String from zoneinfo [zoneinfo] time zone database representing the End-User&#39;s time zone. For example, &#x60;Europe/Paris&#x60; or &#x60;America/Los_Angeles&#x60;. | [optional]
**locale** | **string** | End-User&#39;s locale, represented as a BCP47 [RFC5646] language tag. This is typically an ISO 639-1 Alpha-2 [ISO639-1] language code in lowercase and an ISO 3166-1 Alpha-2 [ISO3166-1] country code in uppercase, separated by a dash. For example, en-US or fr-CA. As a compatibility note, some implementations have used an underscore as the separator rather than a dash, for example, en_US; Relying Parties MAY choose to accept this locale syntax as well. | [optional]
**phoneNumber** | **string** | End-User&#39;s preferred telephone number. E.164 [E.164] is RECOMMENDED as the format of this Claim, for example, +1 (425) 555-1212 or +56 (2) 687 2400. If the phone number contains an extension, it is RECOMMENDED that the extension be represented using the RFC 3966 [RFC3966] extension syntax, for example, +1 (604) 555-1234;ext&#x3D;5678. | [optional]
**phoneNumberVerified** | **bool** | True if the End-User&#39;s phone number has been verified; otherwise false. When this Claim Value is true, this means that the OP took affirmative steps to ensure that this phone number was controlled by the End-User at the time the verification was performed. The means by which a phone number is verified is context-specific, and dependent upon the trust framework or contractual agreements within which the parties are operating. When true, the phone_number Claim MUST be in E.164 format and any extensions MUST be represented in RFC 3966 format. | [optional]
**updatedAt** | **float** | Time the End-User&#39;s information was last updated. Its value is a JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T0:0:0Z as measured in UTC until the date/time. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
